:gaming:
Are you excited about the potential of virtual reality? Or are you worried?
Is there an upcoming game you are looking forward to playing?
were you good at school?
I sleep like 3 hours per day, does that mean that I'm a genius or?
What is the first console you ever owned?
what's ur favorite game
do u have a pet
im really talented at turning oxigen into carbon dioxite
hello from russia blyat
are you alergic to anything
Do you support feminism lol
I'm jerking off too much recently, is that good or bad guys?{then}I do it like 5-10 times per day
sbscribe to pewdiepie
what do you think about star wars
andrew state
mr bean vs mr beast who wins?
what are your plans for the future?
What's your favorite gta game
What's the longest stream of all time?
Iphones are the best!
Do you use tiktok?
what's your favorite movie
How much do you spend playing games per week?
How old are yall{then}i'm 14 lol
The most painful thing in the world is lying down on the couch and remember you forgot the tv remote.
fun stream
what do you think about win 11
my name is uvuveewewe onjetewew uvuvuvim osas
Wake up wake up wake up wake up
pre workout is a cheap cocaine, change my mind.
favorite actor?
how much money can you make on twitch these days
What's the last time you had ses
does anybody remember brobama meme lol
Do you invest in anything?{then}Just curious
Are you awake{then}Wake up
Favorite rapper?
Do you use vpn
what mouse are you using?
do you know any other languages?
I train with my backpack filled with sand at home{then}My house is full of sand now
dear math, please, be a grown up and solve your problems by yourself
does mouse sensor metter?
It's so hard to do pushups naked, cuz ur pp is touching the ground{then}If u r hard it's even harder lolll
which keyboard switches are you using
If video games didn't exist anymore, what would you do xD
you are a fun streamer
i should be getting ready for school but im here instead, i have zero regrets
How do i use those points that i'm collecting while watching?
Gotta clean my glasses they are blurry as a jar rn lol
How often to you go live?
what's your longest stream time?
bro i tried to be normal once… it was the worst two minutes of my life
Do you stream everyday?
where are you from?
is andrew tate legit
in your opinion, what is the best gaming console?
I wanna build a house up the mountain out of town after I get my company going and have the money
everybody told me to follow my dreams, so I turned to my side and kept sleeping.
Do you put pineapples on pizza{then}I only eat regular pizza
harambe <3
Andrew Tate is so annoying{then}I see him all the time, i literally open a fridge and he pops up...
andrew tate is god
are you streaming with obs?
i'll be watching your streams more often from now on <3
do you have twitch affiliate?
Do you still watch pron{then}I don't since i found a girlfriend i love lol
got any plans for today
I’m very busy today… Doing several nothings.
andrew beyblade
Do you think professional gamers are similar to the athletes in other sports?
Have you ever had to stop playing a game because it was too scary?
I'm having weird dreams lately{then}i dream about killing people idk why lol
Guys why doesn't tesla make planes?
a new skill acquired = girlfriend PogU
My girlfriend was getting mad over me watching twitch too much{then}Now she's watching it with me all the time lol
what times do you stream?
If I hit somebody with a dictionary, is it verbal or physical aggression?
Do you know how to sing
are you str8
Are PC gamers really superior to console players?
Try to relax your anus.
do you remember agario game xD did you guys ever play it
i like to sniff random dogs on street{then}Jk lol, im bored
im about to go smoke some bud in the cold wish me luck lol
Have you ever watched Rick and Morty? If you did what do you think of it?
you are so fun to watch
How much gb of ram do you have?
did you ever pay for an onlyf?
do you play any instruments bro
Do you have a laptop, i have an old one i think i can kill someone with it it's so heavy lol
Are you going to add more rewards? For the channel points
how you doing bro
fun fact there is a law or regulation in japan that your phone has to make a shutter noise when you take a picture because upskirt pictures are such a problem there
u ever had sleep paralysis
Do you like horror films?
why does my pp feel weird when i see my grandma naked
What was the first game you ever played
Is there a game everyone seems to love but you don't like it?
I hate horror films, watched one with my girl last night, ended up getting spooned
My humor always brings the ladies in. Just make them laugh and mannn you're already on board
do you have a normal job
Why do boys like video games more than girls do?
whats ur favorite meme
my favorite game is playin w my balls
did you ever play a speedrun of any game
have you ever worked out in bathroom before showering
Do you want to know the secret to get rich? Me too.
andrew gate lol
russian rap is dope
What's your favorite tv show?
why does shroud have so good aim in all games lol
favorite movie?
i shower once a week to save water for african kids
do you have a girlfriend
ill be your fan from now on
are there any games you're really bad at?
did you ever try to play guitar
Who let the dogs out? TELL ME I WANNA KNOW
Relax you anus.
show me da wae
i just ate a whole fkin pizza hell yeah
Would you ever buy bath water?
can you tell us your first sexual experience xD
Table tennis on the Wii, that shit used to hit different
What are pistachos bro? dogs or animals?
do u smoke?
SUUUUIIIII
bro it is very sad when you’re rich, handsome, and sexy, and then the alarm clock rings and ends it all...
Stay hidrated bro{then}I drink water all day i love water
Is it normal to not have the 2000 coins from watchpoint pack yet?
have you ever tried grilled peanuts? they op
Don't drink too much coffee it's bad{then}I like only drink one or two weekly
super mario smash or pass
im still sleeping with my teddy bear lol
What's up yall
Every time i masturbate i throw my turtle against a wall i like that
my mom said i can't watch you anymore... she says you are too hot
are all asian people robots?
what gaming chair would you recommend?
do you like toblerones? i can eat them all day every day
SHOW FEET NOW
Are bees the smartest bugs?
Do you use windows 11?
im bored as heck
I love eating popcorn
What game have you spent the most number of hours on?
i learned how to drift lol it's easy
i like your bio
Have you ever played clash royale
do you make vides on youtube
i think im adopted
how often do you stream ?
what's the weather there
good stream, i like it
Elon Musk has power to make some cool movies, but instead buys lame Twitter.
Manual or automatic cars?{then}I prefere automatic, im bored of manual tbh
do u like marvel
common sense is like deodorant – people that need it the most never use it lol
thor or ironman?
how many pullups can you do at once?{then}I can do like 10 lol
imagine people got a buff black dude to make super mario "yo dawg its a me mario g"
do you know the way
Have you ever played any games in an arcade? Are arcades popular in your country?
how old are u bro
im single lets mingle
andrew date
If you had to marry the last video game character you played, who would it be?
i still remember whn i accidently used anti covid wipes and my ass was burning in the middle of the night
Subways surfers used to hit different back in time.. I downloaded it recently and it sucks
i love watching random streamers they're most friendly
You're one awesome streamer
i usually listen to music while playing something like Hoodie Allen
What's your favorite fighting class in games, warrior, mage, or rogue, and why?
Who's your favorite streamer
i punched my uncle yesterday cuz he called me a biatch
What's your religion
do you believe in aliens?
Lost 350 at the casino last night
What's a game you didn't expect to enjoy but ended up liking?
Would you ever drive a Tesla?
do you remember lil pump{then} GUCCI GAMNG GUCI GAMG
how much do you sleep?
do you sleep on your back?
Should i start streaming?{then}I just bought a new pc, thinking about using old one as a streaming device
Twitch has been updating a lot of stuff
I lost so much money at casino last night, gotta stop gambling lol
how tall are you lol
whats on the agenda
my grandma commented on my facebook post what should i do{then}She said "My little cutie baby, grandma kisses you*
WHat's ur real name
do you listen to eminem
Lizard people are coming
How do i open my third eye
How are you
I just saw this movie its called bullet train, it's cool
how's your family king
i would listen to daddy he beat me last time
where r u from?
Why do people cry over a titanic lol
am i the only one who feels like i didnt get all the points i shouldve for the hours i watched?
rip harambe
I never had covid, wbu?
andrew mate xD
why do people play roblox
my dad thinks im studyng lol
no swearing in my christian minecraft server.
How much money do you spend on video games?
Why can't i concentrate last few weeks... I feel like something is off...
I have potato pc
Do you believe in aliens?
did you ever do a full no nut november?
i'm as stable as my grandmas legs
now you get pop up ads on twitch?
I woke up so happy this morning, how's yall day going?
Do you believe in aliens lol?
I’m bouta no scope 360 YY a skeleton on Minecraft
sus
do you like soccer?{then}I like ronaldo SUUUUUU
Do you consider batman a superhero?
When i get high i act like i'm a splinter and try to train my turtles...
Loving the content man. Keep it up!
Hey, what makes you happy bro?
I used to play tetris when i was young, now i can stack anything
Would you eat ass to survive?
sus amogus
i fell off my chair and need some mouth to mouth
I respect the opinion of everybody who agrees with me.
what do you think about the war?
I could play mortal Kombat for hours when i get bored of online games
You should listen to Moneybagg yoo
Why are laptop's keyboards so smooth{then}My keys on my laptop feel like they kave some sort of hydraulics
amogus sus
I started studying with some deep focus music on, it's going so much better
mazda 3 is a hairdresser car xD
Spotify or Apple Music? Serious question.
ronaldo or messi?
do u know da wae
what do you think about LGBTQSMDRAKEMSL?
i enjoy watching your stream
I'm really good at laying on the couch, and very passionate about masturbating, any ideas for my channel?
What is your favorite all-time game and why?
why do people wear glasses...? just see bro....
are you addicted to games?
Whats your favorite sport to watch?{then} I like tennis
whats your favorite anime?
Did you ever do a 24h stream?
What's your longest stream ever?
What is the longest amount of time you have sat playing games non-stop?
do you play any sports bro
did you ever try g fuel
Have you ever had a crush on a video game character?
RONALDO SSSUUUUUUUU
Whats your favorite anime
What ddoes the fox sayy?{then}RINGDINGDINGDINGINDIGN
Did you ever play clash of clans
Do you play any games on your phone?
The end of the world is near
bruh
What's your definition of success?
hey btw do you have any goals atm for the stream
titanic is so patheric i watched it yesterday
I hate when rappers say YoU AlrEAdY Know Who It iS
subscribe to mr beast
do u drink coffee
God created the man before the woman so he wouldn’t have to hear suggestions
My mom was massaging me yesterday and i told her to go lower for fun, and she actuall.... nvm, how's the stream?
u ever tried weed?
If you could have any video game character as your best friend, who would it be? and why loll?
i heard a story that shroud was hacking on some tournaments is that true lol
Youtube livestreaming is nothing compared to Twitch tbh
i just found out that i can't do a single crunch lol
scariest game in your opinion?
Can you stream via laptop and play on your pc?
SUPRAAAAA SUUUUTUTUTUUT{then}SUUUTUTU SUTUTU STUTUTU
Do u know ishowspeed streamer? i think he's funny af xD
what monitor do you recomend?
If I had the power to destroy earth I would do it
What's your nationality{then}i'm russian lol
DO you have any other work besides twitch?
Haribos are so underrated
If I’d agree with someone, we’d both be wrong.
What's your setup looking like?
Do you prefer multiplayer games or offline?
your streams are fun
do you stream only on twitch?
do u drink alcohol
are red switches better than blue one? i kinda prefere to hear the sound of my keyboard
Have you ever done 24h stream
im all about that bass
Whos your favorite actor
youre my new favorite streamer UWU
how much did you pay for your pc
any plans for today?
If you could marry any game character, who would it be
If you had to live in the world of the last game you played, which character would you be?
summa lumma dumma lumma
andrew blade
do you watch anime
Do you drink gfuel?
have you ever tried some weird steam games
Are you religious
cats or dogs
it's so cold outside
Why is North Korea so good lol, everybody likes it
damn, I clicked right arrow trying skip forward
People were saying it would be annoying to hear mario’s voice for 2 hrs straight. They not fans
tell us ur funniest joke u heard ever
Why can i see ghosts lately lol
End of the world is coming I can feel it
my dog was licking my balls in my dream, i woke up and my dog was next to me, what do i do now?
are u a virgin
Did you ever meditate?
andrew hate
Some people say that video games are a waste of time. Do you agree or disagree?
What's your opinion on Fortnite?
what do you think about andrew tate
small pp man eat honey, top g's eats the bees.
do you stream thru external pc or you only have one?
teach me sempai
my favorite rapper is lil pump GUCCII GANG GUCII GANGGGGG GUCCI GAMGG
japan vending machines are op
guys faith can move mountains, but I prefer dynamite
how old are you dude
Have you ever pretended to be sick so you don't go to school so you can play games? xD
ok the question is do I spend $300 on a gaming mouse?
Lizard people are ruling the world
this is random but youtube livestreaming is superior.
What game are you playing right now?
do you play any instruments?
i sniff preworkout instead of cocaine{then}I got no money for la coca so preworkout does the job lol
Aliens are coming
do you watch some series
my back hurts, i think i need a full body massage heheh
which keyboard are you using bro
Have you ever tried preworkout?
lemme get a sandwich and som ecurly fries
why do people hate andrew tate
got so drunk last night i don't remember anything lol, was drinking tequila
::
